look this is ric KY the android gut hey
guys this is how to install the hand
calm office on your Galaxy Tab 4 now
this will be the same for tab for seven
point oh eight point oh and 10.1 now if
we go right here you will launch the
hand calm viewer what this allows you to
do is view any word PowerPoint or Excel
document however after that you can't
really do anything and this is where
this bottom part comes in now you can
only get this bottom part to come up if
you have updated the device first of all
which means you went into settings
general about device and did the
software update because out of the box
it does not have that update now once
you have that update and you started
this up you will have office update here
and from here you will download a new
app which will bring you to hear office
updater and what office up data allows
you to do is to install word excel and
powerpoint equivalent apps now what this
is is hand come office is pretty much i
would say ninety percent identical to
microsoft office it can pretty much do
everything anything from word you can do
things such as margins and headers and
footers from excel you do lots of
different things with these apps i do
have full videos on the apps themselves
and as you see the first time you open
it up you generally have to install it
so it might take some time but after
which you can easily use it and you see
you have some nice document templates as
well usually even though right now it's
just new and it's just a very nice and
simple layout for office and how to use
it all right guys do you like this a way
of having office on your tablet if you
do let me know
all thank you for watching this has been
our I CKY the android guy